-----------------------MAIN STORY-----------------------
	
[The red ones]
	A bright floating ball appears out from a pure white room. This bright ball is Kavadar. He does not know what is happening yet. The only thing he knows is that he must continue 
further our of the while room. Kavadar goes through short tutorial of the basic movements. Kavadar meets his first enemy and learns how to hit them with a basic attack. Kavadar keeps
killing some enemies on his way further. While that he is introduced to health potions (that he will be finding from time to time throughout the game).Eventually he faces an enemy
that is holding some unique red sword. Kavadar kills him and receives the sword. He receives as well a body. He discovers that with that body he is way stronger. Kavadar continues to 
go deeper in this what looks like a dungeon, solving puzzels, going through obsticles and dealing with enemies. After some time he reaches an old stone sign that says:
"If life is what you seek you shall fear not keep. Deep ahead life awaits behind Deathland's heavy gates "
Kavadar: -Deathland? Life? Hmm... I wonder what this riddle means...
	Later Kavadar meats Knight Of Red. The ruler of everything red.
Redéye: - Who dares holding my mighty sword? 
Kavadar: -... I am... I am aah... *remembers that he don't know his own name* ...*tries to think of something* ... My name is Kav... Kad... Kavadar! Yes! My name is Kavadar 
	- And who do you think you are Kavadar? Holding so nonchalantly my sword?
	- I don't know. I... I just found it on the way here. I don't even...
	- So you are the one who killed so many of my people ah? Ok, this is the final end of you!
	- The final... end? What do you mean?
A fight starts, Kavadar either chooses to kill the Knight of Red [K] or to spare her [S]

[K]	Kavadar:	- You and your people will no longer threaten the travelers passing through here!
	Redéye:		- You will pay for this! Remember my word! You will pay!

|Nothing happens|

[S]	Kavadar:	- Here is your sword. Just let me be, ok ?
	Redéye:		- *catches her brath* Keep it. You weld it good.
			- Thank you then. I hope I didn't hurt you.
			- Tell me Kavadar. Why are you here? You are not a standart dodger. 	1) Dodger: the equivalent of a soul in this realm
			- I don't really know. I don't even know where I am comming from.
			- Ah, you are one of them. One of reincarnatables. I should kill you on place. But since you spared my life I will spare your as well.
			- Wait I don't understand really what do you mean?
			- You will find out soon enough. I wish you best of luck! You will need it! - Goes away.
|Mana regen goes faster|

[The green ones]
	Kavadar continues down the dungeon, soon enough he finds a green object and notces that if he touches it he gets hurt.




-----------------------GAME LORE-----------------------

[Characters]:
	Kavadar - A person that died in the realm of the living, aka Earth and came in the world of the dead without having any idea who he is, where he is and what happened. His goal
is to find out what is happening as well to decide what he should do in this realm.

	The Long Forgotten Gods - They are the gods that created the realm Deathland for the mortals, as well as many other realms. They were the most powerful creatures in the universe
but long time ago were overthrown by the people of Deathland. They were trapped somewhere deep in Deathland and were never heard of again. This happened so long time ago, that everybody forgot
their names and just refered to them as The Long Forgotten Gods.
	
	Knight Of Red - Her name is Redéye. She is a villian who rules the Red. Her father was the one who helped in the rebelion against The Long Forgotten Gods and calimed the title as ruler of the Red.
After his final death Redéye came on the throne as the new ruler. She is powerfull looking with pretty agressive fighting style, mainly with longsword and with shield. Even though her fighting style is fast
and agressive it remains pretty predictable. She can use magic as well and summon fireballs.


[Locations]:
	Deathland - This is the main location in the game. Deathland was once created by The long forgotten gods, which made this place as a final realm for the
mortals, so the unsuccessfull ones can spend their eternaty serving the gods. While the succsessfull ones
could go back to the previous realm and live and improve the realm further. Sadly after time the citizens of
Deathland took over the realm as revenge against The long forgotten gods. They became guardians of thy
world and sweared with their final lives to prevent anyone of reaching the previous realm ever again.
Native species:  Blue, Red, Purple, Green, Brown, Yellow, Orange, Pink
Government Type: Military Dictatorship, Anarchy, Tribalism, Meritocracy
